```py
# reader
import csv
with open('eggs.csv', newline='') as csvfile:
    spamreader = csv.reader(csvfile, delimiter='|')
    for row in spamreader:
        print(', '.join(row))

# writer
import csv
with open('eggs.csv', 'w', newline='') as csvfile:
    spamwriter = csv.writer(csvfile, delimiter=' ',
                            quotechar='|', quoting=csv.QUOTE_MINIMAL)
    spamwriter.writerow(['Spam'] * 5 + ['Baked Beans'])
    spamwriter.writerow(['Spam', 'Lovely Spam', 'Wonderful Spam'])

# DictReader
import csv

with open('employee_birthday.txt') as csv_file:
    csv_reader = csv.DictReader(csv_file, delimiter=',')
    line_count = 0
    for row in csv_reader:
        print(f'\t{row["name"]} works in the {row["department"]} department, and was born in {row["month"]}')
```


## Dialect.delimiter
A one-character string used to separate fields. It defaults to ','.


# Dialects and Formatting Parameters
To make it easier to specify the format of input and output records, specific formatting parameters are grouped together into dialects. A dialect is a subclass of the Dialect class having a set of specific methods and a single validate() method. When creating reader or writer objects, the programmer can specify a string or a subclass of the Dialect class as the dialect parameter. In addition to, or instead of, the dialect parameter, the programmer can also specify individual formatting parameters, which have the same names as the attributes defined below for the Dialect class.

Dialects support the following attributes:

## Dialect.doublequote
Controls how instances of quotechar appearing inside a field should themselves be quoted. When True, the character is doubled. When False, the escapechar is used as a prefix to the quotechar. It defaults to True.

On output, if doublequote is False and no escapechar is set, Error is raised if a quotechar is found in a field.

## Dialect.escapechar
A one-character string used by the writer to escape the delimiter if quoting is set to QUOTE_NONE and the quotechar if doublequote is False. On reading, the escapechar removes any special meaning from the following character. It defaults to None, which disables escaping.

## Dialect.lineterminator
The string used to terminate lines produced by the writer. It defaults to '\r\n'.

Note The reader is hard-coded to recognise either '\r' or '\n' as end-of-line, and ignores lineterminator. This behavior may change in the future.
## Dialect.quotechar
A one-character string used to quote fields containing special characters, such as the delimiter or quotechar, or which contain new-line characters. It defaults to '"'.

## Dialect.quoting
Controls when quotes should be generated by the writer and recognised by the reader. It can take on any of the QUOTE_* constants (see section Module Contents) and defaults to QUOTE_MINIMAL.

## Dialect.skipinitialspace
When True, whitespace immediately following the delimiter is ignored. The default is False.

## Dialect.strict
When True, raise exception Error on bad CSV input. The default is False.