
agetty          fsck.minix      mkfs.bfs        setpriv 
blkdiscard      fsfreeze        mkfs.cramfs     setsid 
blkid           fstab           mkfs.minix      setterm 
blockdev        fstrim          mkswap          sfdisk 
cal             getopt          more            su 
cfdisk          hexdump         mount           sulogin 
chcpu           hwclock         mountpoint      swaplabel 
chfn            ionice          namei           swapoff 
chrt            ipcmk           newgrp          swapon 
chsh            ipcrm           nologin         switch_root 
colcrt          ipcs            nsenter         tailf 
col             isosize         partx           taskset 
colrm           kill            pg              tunelp 
column          last            pivot_root      ul 
ctrlaltdel      ldattach        prlimit         umount 
ddpart          line            raw             unshare 
delpart         logger          readprofile     utmpdump 
dmesg           login           rename          uuidd 
eject           look            renice          uuidgen 
fallocate       losetup         reset           vipw 
fdformat        lsblk           resizepart      wall 
fdisk           lscpu           rev             wdctl 
findfs          lslocks         RTC Alarm       whereis 
findmnt         lslogins        runuser         wipefs 
flock           mcookie         script          write 
fsck            mesg            scriptreplay    zramctl 
fsck.cramfs     mkfs            setarch
