2019 小作文
Dear prof. Smith.
    I feel really delighted and honored to have the opportunity to plan a debate on the theme of city traffic. The topic of debate is Green Travel and Reduce the City Traffic Jam.
    The reasons why i choose this topic is as follows. The quality of air in our city is far from satisfying and most of us frequently experience traffic jams due to too many private cars on the road. In order to reduce the environmental pollution and ease the traffic congestion, we'd better choose the environmentally friendly way to travel , such as walking, cycling or taking buses. The detailed arrangements of the debate are listed as follows, The debate is to be held on October 20 in the library of our university, and it will last one hour. Participants will be devided into two groups, and each group has three people.
    I would like to know your opinions on this. I am looking forward to your reply.
        Yours faithfully,
            Li Ming

2019 大作文
    According to the chart above, we can learn that college students's choices after graduation have changed from 2013 to 2018. To be more specific, the percentage of engaging in a job has decreased from 68.1% in 2013 to 60.7% in 2018, while the percentage of pursuing a further study in postgraduate schools increased from 26.3% in 2013 to 34.0% in 2018. By contrast, the change of the percentage of starting a business is not obvious.
    There are several possible factors that can account for this phenomenon. On the one hand, due to the increasing emphasis on education, pursuing a further study has become much more popular for college students. On the other hand, serious employment situation forces college students to continue studying in order ot become more competitive in the aspects of their academic level and practical skills.
    From what has been mentioned above, we can easily come to the conclusion that this trend the chart has shown is acceptable. And it is a good choice for postgraduate students to broaden their horizons and to improve their practical skills during postgraduate study. Only in this way, can they be better prepared for the future position.